Update faq.mdx / make TURN firewall rule recommended (#207)
netbirdio/docs: src/pages/about-netbird/faq.mdx

### Outgoing ports
NetBird usually won't need open ports, but sometimes you or your IT team needs to secure and verify
all outgoing traffic, and that may affect how NetBird clients connect to the [control layer](/about-netbird/how-netbird-works)
and negotiate the peer-to-peer connections. 

> :unlock: Allowing the outbound **Relay (TURN)** service below is **recommended** for reliable peer connections. This will also improve the reliability of your [High Availability Routes](https://docs.netbird.io/how-to/routing-traffic-to-private-networks#high-availability-routes). 
> 
> :unlock: If using `fail2ban` or similar also whitelist each netbird.io endpoint below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<Note>
    Allowing the outbound **Relay (TURN)** service below is **recommended** in more restricted networks for reliable peer connections. This will also improve the reliability of your [High Availability Routes](https://docs.netbird.io/how-to/routing-traffic-to-private-networks#high-availability-routes).
</Note>
<Note>
    If using `fail2ban` or similar, you should whitelist each netbird.io endpoint below.
</Note>
```

    * **Port range**: UDP/80,443 and TCP/443-65535
    * **IPv4**: The list is dynamic and geo-distributed; we advise you to check the nearest cluster with the following command:
        * `nslookup turn.netbird.io`

>     * Without a firewall rule for TURN, `netbird status` will show `keepalive ping failed` errors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * In more restricted environments, `netbird status` will show `keepalive ping failed` errors without a firewall rule for TURN
```
